HW3 Answers

Q1. The execution of ls may be slightly slower with
 the patch than the actual version,
 but overall I did not see much of a drop in performance between the two.
 It is good to have the patch installed performance-wise because now ls
 will be executing how it is supposed to.

Q2. An issue that could occur by patching this 
bug and not using the default version 
is that people may have adapted to the use of this bug. They may
have relied on this bug and adapted their code to account for this error, 
their code now may not produce the same results with thispatch.If 
this is patched and the default version is not being used,
then people should be informed and aware of the update.

Q3. When I run the command "./randline.py /dev/null" which is an empty file, 
the following output is thrown:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "./randline.py", line 70, in <module>
    main()
  File "./randline.py", line 64, in main
    sys.stdout.write(generator.chooseline())
  File "./randline.py", line 34, in chooseline
    return random.choice(self.lines)
  File "/usr/lib64/python2.6/random.py", line 261, in choice
    return seq[int(self.random() * len(seq))]  
# raises IndexError if seq is empty
IndexError: list index out of range

An index error is thrown because this script is meant to pull and
output random lines from the file but the files is empty.


Q4. When I run the command "python3 randline.py /dev/null" on the empty
text file, the following output is given:

 File "./randline.py", line 65
    except IOError as (errno, strerror):
                      ^
SyntaxError: invalid syntax

This is a syntax error that occurs because python 3 doesn't support all of
the same syntax as python two and not 
all of the features are the same. Therefore
a different error is given when running the program
in python3 since it was meant for python2.

Q5. There was an issue running my program on python2 vs. python 3. Some
of the commands would execute the same on both
versions, but some of them wouldn't. For example, when I run:

"python2 shuf.py -i 3-6 -r" 

this should infinitely loop through the numbers 3-6 randomly. However,
this ends up throwing me the following errors:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "shuf.py", line 114, in <module>
    execute.print_repeat()
  File "shuf.py", line 35, in print_repeat
    for loop in range(0,rep_range):
OverflowError: range() result has too many items

and will not execute the program. But when I run the same command on python3:

"python3 shuf.py -i 3-6 -r"

it will loop through the numbers 3-6 randomly and infinitely. This seems
to be because python2 doesn't allow the size of the range I am executing,
saying that the range is too large. Thus, it is not
a good idea to run this program on python2 as it was meant for python3.
